---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2016-09-07
---
Welcome to my data blog! This will be a place for me to explore different concepts in data science. I will be posting different projects, analyses, random thoughts, and other things that tickle my fancy regarding data. Hopefully some of it will be interesting and/or entertaining, but I'm not gonna make any promises.

#### A little about me
I'm a Data Scientist living in the Bay area. I recently finished the Galvanize Data Immersive program, a 12 week intensive data science program which primarily uses python. My next post will cover all of the things I learned in my time at Galvanize.

I was previously working in education, teaching independently. While I taught any and every subject, I worked mostly in math and science, with my primary expertise being in statistics. I worked with a broad array of students, from young kids to Finance professionals studying graduate-level statistics for CAIA certification. I love learning and helping others learn, and want to find ways to continue doing work in some capacity to help improve education.

I spent my early childhood living in Japan and England before moving to Marin County, just outside of San Francisco. My early experiences overseas imprinted on me a desire to continue seeing new places, and I'm always open to any suggestions of cool places to visit.

Anyways, seeing as I don't like talking about myself, I'm just gonna stop right here. I hope you enjoy all of the things that I write and create in the future. Feel free to send any thoughts, opinions, threats, or cool ideas to my email at tbearden89@gmail.com.
